Documentation Standard Updates (#26)
fivetran/dbt_sage_intacct: README.md

## What does this dbt package do?
- Produces modeled tables that leverage Sage Intacct data from [Fivetran's connector](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/sage-intacct) in the format described by [this ERD](https://fivetran.com/docs/applications/sage-intacct#schemainformation) and builds off the output of our [Sage Intacct source package](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_sage_intacct_source).

The main focus of this package is to provide users with insights into their Sage Intacct data that can be used for financial reporting and analysis. This is achieved by the following:
- Creating the general ledger, balance sheet, and profile & loss statement on a month by month grain
- Creating an enhanced AR and AP model
### Compatibility

> Please be aware that the [dbt_sage_intacct](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_sage_intacct) and [dbt_sage_intacct_source](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_sage_intacct_source) packages were developed with single-currency company data. As such, the package models will not reflect accurate totals if your account has multi-currency enabled. If multi-currency functionality is desired, we welcome discussion to support this in a future version.

> The following table provides a detailed list of all models materialized within this package by default.
> 
> | **Model**                | **Description**                                                                                                                                                                                                   |

Author: ```suggestion
<!--section=“sage_intacct_transformation_model"-->

The following table provides a detailed list of all tables materialized within this package by default.

| **Table**                | **Description**                                                                                                                                                                                                   |
```

| [sage_intacct__balance_sheet](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_sage_intacct/blob/master/models/sage_intacct__balance_sheet.sql)             | Total amounts by period per account, category, and classification for all balance sheet transactions.
| [sage_intacct__profit_and_loss](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_sage_intacct/blob/master/models/sage_intacct__profit_and_loss.sql)       | Total amounts by period per account, category, and classification for all profit & loss transactions.
| [sage_intacct__ap_ar_enhanced](https://github.com/fivetran/dbt_sage_intacct/blob/master/models/sage_intacct__ap_ar_enhanced.sql) | All transactions for each bill or invoice with their associated accounting period and due dates. Includes additional detail regarding the customer, location, department, vendor, and account. Lastly, contains fields like the line number and total number of items in the overall bill or invoice.

> ## How do I use the dbt package?

Author: ```suggestion
<!--section-end-->

## How do I use the dbt package?
```
